Release 1.27.0 (#792)
coder/docs: changelog/1.27.0.md

---
title: "1.27.0"
description: "Released on 01/19/2022"
---

### Breaking changes ❗

There are no breaking changes in 1.27.0.

### Features ✨

- web: added ability to disable built-in logins to Coder once OIDC
  authentication has been configured.
- web: added tutorial on setting up Git OAuth connection to the onboarding steps
  displayed to administrators when launching a new Coder deployment.
- web: switched default extensions marketplace to OpenVSX.

> - web: added ability to generate RSA SSH keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- web: added ability for admins to specify RSA-4096 as the SSH key algorithm.
```

- web: added auto-off settings to the **Create Workspace** and **Edit
  Workspace** forms’ **Advanced** section.
- web: added functionality to prune images and log image pull process for EC2
  providers.
- infra: added support for Podman as an alternative to sysbox for CVM
  workspaces.
- infra: added functionality to log all system-level processes executing in the

>   workspace.

Reviewer: Since this is a headline feature (as well as OpenVSX and maybe other changes) we should move this to the top of the list

Also we should link to the documentation if possible

- infra: added ability to customize resource requests and limits in workspace
  templates.
- infra: added support for volume resizing on EC2 providers.
- infra: added mutual TLS support to Postgres database connections to/from
  Coder.
- infra: improved logging to help diagnose authentication issues.
- infra: added logging to and improved error handling for workspace providers.
- infra: update code-server to 4.0.1.
- infra: added support for AWS IAM authentication to RDS instances.

### Bug fixes 🐛

- web: fixed issue with exported audit logs showing incorrect IP addresses.
- web: fixed issue where enabling a feature flag disabled all other feature
  flags.
- web: fixed issue on OAuth setup page where client ID and client secret fields
  were incorrectly auto-filled.
- web: fixed issue with select toggle switches not working.
- web: fixed issue with Intercom button showing in applications, including IDEs.
- web: fixed workspace provider authorization issues that occasionally resulted
  in workspace builds hanging.
- cli: fixed CLI so that it places updated binary to the current working

>   directory if the existing binary is under a blocked prefix.

Reviewer: This is more of a feature than a bug fix, it was intended behavior previously
